# The role of computer hardware and operating systems in IT support.
IT support, computer hardware, and operating systems are integral to each other, there wouldn’t be a need for IT support without these sophisticated devices and operating systems are always needed to take advantage of the raw computer power that some device hardware can provide. Computers have always required specialized care even since their inception with the ENIAC in 1945, and this hasn’t changed in modern times. Computers in recent years have become smaller and orders of magnitudes faster, with massive strides in the ease of use of these devices allowing for people from all walks of life to enjoy the novelty and functionality of a computer. Computers in business specifically exploded in use since the 1980s, allowing for rapid and precise computation of financial portfolios, inventory management, communique, and almost anything else you can think of or imagine. This rapid expansion of use created the need for specialists to be hired to ensure a smooth use and to maintain these devices and their networks. These specialists are often referred to as the IT department or the Office of Information Technology (OIT), and they work to maintain end point devices, network and server issues, network administration, security and disaster recovery, handling help tickets and many other things! All IT professionals must have a great understanding of the computer hardware they’re working on and the OS they’re working on, it is difficult to troubleshoot a RAM or CPU issue if you do not know what these components are or what they do! 

## About Me
A little bit about me! My name is Christian and I’ve been using computers since around 2002 when my parents got themselves a desktop computer and I was blown away by Windows XP (I was too young to understand what Windows XP was). I was impressed with the ability to input things with a mouse and keyboard and have it show up on the screen, and not only that but the ability to send this to anyone in the world instantly. I dabbled in various classes, learning the basics of coding in C in 2016 and building a few gaming PCs with friends but never pursued more than that from a personal or professional point. I graduated high school in 2018 and enlisted in the Air Force where I was able to learn to work on aircraft as a general mechanic, and eventually travel the world! An injury during this job was the spark that brought me back to the world of computers and like that I was sucked in. I applied to college again, as someone who had been a mechanic by trade for most of their professional career had the opportunity to jump into an entirely new field with almost infinite complexity and depth, which I had loved about working on aircraft! I find the IT field to have so many opportunities, whether a member wants to work as a server administrator, or an IT service desk, and as a cybersecurity analyst which I would love to do! I’m deeply fascinated by how deep any topic can go and the wealth of knowledge some people who have been in the field for a while possess. It is truly amazing all the things that go into making a computer work, its ability to access the internet, what the internet is, and all the people who have come before me that have gotten us where we are today! I find it all exciting and I’m thankful for the opportunity to learn about this and make a change in my life for me and my wife!
