# Current State of Privacy

[Case Project 6-2 EllefsonChristian.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/22805906/Case.Project.6-2.EllefsonChristian.pdf)

There are several laws that come to mind when trying to address the privacy concerns of consumers when their information is being collected and sold by large corporations to advertising companies. Europe luckily has the GDPR which follows companies that operate in Europe, but applies to companies that work in both Europe and in the US. The GDPR implies extreme penalties for companies that break their rules, requiring that customers must give explicit permission to have their data be collected and have the right to access data being processed under Article 15 of the GDPR, Article 17 for the right to erasure,  and Article 18 for the Right to restriction of processing. These laws are incredibly strong and I wish that the US would follow it almost to a T, as it provides much greater privacy and control to consumers in a very ethical way. It holds larger companies accountable for bad practices and is a good step in the direction of better consumer rights.

Outside of the GDPR, the US has a bit more relaxed laws and regulations on these practices. The FTC act can be a more blanket act against what could be considered "deceptive" or “unfair” but this can be hard to argue in a court of law and even harder to enforce when EULA agreements are typically made “bullet-proof” by large legal departments. Another Act in the US is the CFAA or the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act which can target companies and advertisers who take too much information or access devices in ways that are beyond the initial authorization, but again this is an act that is hard to enforce and only applies to very apparent rule breaking. California has the CCPA which holds companies operating in California to stricter standards when handing PII or other personal information. As far as the US goes, this is one of the more robust laws that have been released but sadly it only applies to California based citizens and not citizens of the United States. 

That brings me to my final point of the US needing a single federal law, similar to the CCPA and GDPR, that applies to all US citizens and companies operating in the US. The US has made massive strides in the creation of computer systems, cybersecurity, networking devices, and helping with the internet as we know it, but we are falling woefully behind in the protection of our citizens' private information. Great examples of these implementations are out there and I don’t think it would take writing a whole new law but adapting a well functioning one to the whole of the US. 
