# About Me
A little bit about me! My name is Christian and I’ve been using computers since around 2002 when my parents got themselves a desktop computer and I was blown away by Windows XP (I was too young to understand what Windows XP was). I was impressed with the ability to input things with a mouse and keyboard and have it show up on the screen, but only that but the ability to send this to anyone in the world instantly. I dabbled in various classes, learning the basics of coding in C in 2016 and building a few gaming PCs with friends but never pursued more than that from a personal or professional point. I graduated high school in 2018 and enlisted in the Air Force where I was able to learn to work on aircraft as a general mechanic, and eventually travel the world! An injury during this job was the spark that brought me back to the world of computers and like that I was sucked in. I applied to college again, as someone who had been a mechanic by trade for most of their professional career had the opportunity to jump into an entirely new field with almost infinite complexity and depth, which I had loved about working on aircraft! 

I find the IT field to have so many opportunities, whether a member wants to work as a server administrator, or an IT service desk, and as a cybersecurity analyst which I would love to do! I’m deeply fascinated by how deep any topic can go and the wealth of knowledge some people who have been in the field for a while possess. It is truly amazing all the things that go into making a computer work, its ability to access the internet, what the internet is, and all the people who have come before me that have gotten us where we are today! I find it all exciting and I’m thankful for the opportunity to learn about this and make a change in my life for me and my wife!

For me the field of cybersecurity is the end goal of this college journey. The need in the world right now for more robust cybersecurity measures and the career opportunities are astounding, but on a more personal level I find the field to be interesting in almost every facet. Learning how to ethically penetrate networks in a defined scope, and build up the defenses to prevent future attacks feels like something straight out of a movie. While it might not all be exciting Capture the Flag events and being a contract pen-tester, I think the knowledge of making peoples lives easier not having to worry about getting their data stolen or losing access to critical accounts would be gratifying. I think in this regard my professional goal would be to eventually work as a cybersecurity analyst at a bank or hospital, but to also help small business owners with their own cybersecurity frameworks.
