# About the Business
The business or organization at this part of the process is still subject to change, but as of right now I’m planning this project around an automotive repair group in Lancaster named Clutch Kicker’s Automotive Repair and Sale, or CKARS for short. This group provides quality vehicle maintenance to the central and some southeastern Ohio communities for lower prices than most other repair shops (this is not an advertisement, yet). 

# Why does this matter?
For a business like this, they have to maintain a large amount of vehicle data along with customer information that would be considered PII. These present security issues if an attack happens, requiring what could be a more robust network and increased knowledge of how to defend themselves and their customers. Additionally, the information manuals he has are critical to his operation, allowing him to work on hundreds of different vehicles closely inline to the maintenance procedures outlined by the manufacturers. Learning how to defend and stay within an adapted NIST Framework such as the CSF 2.0 will help him significantly with his cybersecurity defense strategy. After a conversation with the owner, he did talk about his intent to have an online presence soon to increase traffic. This web presence also increases the need for a strong framework to protect himself, his business, his customers, and his server and online advertisements from potential threat actors. 

# How will this use case be tailored?
The owner is a mechanic but is also tech savvy so I feel more comfortable about not simplifying concepts too much. That being said, he is a mechanic at heart and does not want to focus on the computer-side of the business more than what is required for a robust defense of information. For this CSF, I will start with the simple things of knowing what to be mindful of, as the majority of failures in a framework start with people and socially engineered attacks. He is aware of most of the expected social engineering attacks so a brief refresher followed by information on malware attacks and how to avoid them. After helping him see common pitfalls, the next step would be giving him password protection guidelines, making sure they are at least 12 characters (preferably 15 characters) with case-sensitivity and special characters, and using MFA. Following on the theme of passwords, I would ensure that his local network is secure by making sure that his router and firewall are up to date (with an updated, secure password as well) and all anti-virus is up to date and actively in use. 

# Future Goals
In future documentation I will go more in depth on the plans of the CSF required for CKARS, as he’s given me carte blanche to ensure his business is secure from a cybersecurity perspective. Goals will be: increased personal knowledge, strong physical security on prem and around local server, local network security policies upgrade along with WPA3 implementation on Wi-Fi, increased website security; removing functions that may have exploits, and server side security and admin practices. Ideally this whole process will take setting up but afterwards will only need the occasional monitoring by the owner. A strong CSF is essential to all levels of business, and this one should help reduce any unnecessary distractions at CKARS and keep his business running smoothly. 
